okay. Setbacks could be really frustrating. Um, I think that as a researcher
and having been a researcher for almost 30 years now, I have
learned that this is just par for the course. There's always gonna be
setbacks. You're always gonna have to go back to the beginning or
at least close to the beginning or re think and re approach. Um, And
so I guess what I've learned from the work that I've done up to this
point is that setbacks are temporary. Um, you just have toe, you know,
keep going. And eventually you will either get to where you wanna
be or the place where you wanna be. That goal is going to change,
and so just, you know, just keeps women, and eventually you'll get
to where you want to go.